chore(curriculum): game character stats lab prototype (#746)
freeCodeCamp/CurriculumExpansion: fullstack-cert/python-projects/game-character-stats/user-stories.md

> 1. Create a class named `GameCharacter` that represents a game character. The class should manage stats such as name, health, mana, and level. In the `__init__` method:
>     - Accept a parameter `name` and initialize the private attribute `__name` with it.
>     - Initialize `__health` to `100`, `__mana` to `50`, and `__level` to `1`.
>     - Use double underscores (`__`) to ensure that all attributes are private.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a class named `GameCharacter` that represents a game character and manages character stats.
1. When instantiated, a new `GameCharacter` object should have the following private attributes:
    - `__name` set to the string given at the moment of the instantiation.
    - `__health` set to `100`.
    - `__mana` set to `50`.
    - `__level` set to `1`.
```
I would not mention the `__init__` method because they should know how to do it at this point.

2. Create a `name` property for read-only access to the character's name.
3. For the `health` property:
     - Define a getter that returns the current health.
     - Define a setter that prevents health from being set below `0`, and caps the health at `100`.
4. For the `mana` property:
     - Define a getter that returns the current mana.
     - Define a setter that prevents mana from being set below `0`, and caps the mana at `50`.
5. Create a getter for `level` to return the character's current level.
6. Define a method named `level_up()` that:
    - Increases the character's level by 1.
    - Resets health to `100` and mana to `50` using their corresponding property setters.
    - Prints a message showing the new level.

> 7. Define a method named `status()` that prints:

Reviewer: What if we use `__str__` in place of `status`? So when a character is printed you get all of its stats.
Also we should specify the structure of the expected string to avoid people getting confused.

1. Create a class named `GameCharacter` that represents a game character and manages character stats.
2. When instantiated, a new `GameCharacter` object should have the following private attributes:
    - `__name` set to the string given at the moment of the instantiation.
    - `__health` set to `100`.
    - `__mana` set to `50`.
    - `__level` set to `1`.
3. Create a `name` property for read-only access to the character's name.
4. For the `health` property:
     - Define a getter that returns the current health.
     - Define a setter that prevents health from being set below `0`, and caps the health at `100`.
5. For the `mana` property:
     - Define a getter that returns the current mana.
     - Define a setter that prevents mana from being set below `0`, and caps the mana at `50`.
6. Create a getter for `level` to return the character's current level.
7. Define a method named `level_up()` that:
    - Increases the character's level by 1.
    - Resets health to `100` and mana to `50` using their corresponding property setters.

>     - Prints a message showing the new level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Prints a message showing the new level in the form of `<name> leveled up to <level>!` (where `<name>` and `<level>` should be replaced by the character's name and new level, respectively).
```
